### Jigoshop PayPal Payments Advanced Gateway

This plugin allows you to use PayPal Payments Advanced gateway within your Jigoshop store.

### Description

A plugin that allows you to extend your Jigoshop installation with the PayPal Payments Advanced gateway. 

This plugin was created by: vanbo.develops(Ivan Andreev)

### Installation

1. Upload the plugin folder to the '/wp-content/plugins/' directory
2. Activate plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
3. Go to 'Jigoshop/Manage Licenses' to enter license key for your plugin
4. Navigate to `Jigoshop > Settings > Payment Gateways` to configure the PayPal Advanced gateway settings.


Steps for configuration of your PayPal Advanced installation.
	1. Login to your Jigoshop store
	2. Enable PayPal Advanced.  
	3. Set your "Method Title" and "Description". These options are seen on the checkout page.
	4. Enter your PayPal Advanced User ID, if applicable.
	5. Enter your PayPal Advanced Vendor ID.Parter ID
	6. Enter your PayPal Advanced Parter ID.
	7. Enter your PayPal Advanced Password.
	8. Choose "Transaction Type" you want to process.
	9. Choose the payment page template. The option has to be the same as the one in your manager.paypal account
	10. Set the "Iframe Width/Height", if "Layout - C" is chosen.
	11. Choose if the gateway will process Test or Live transactions.
	12. Enable "Debug Log", if you want to get a log of the request and response steps and parameters.
	13. Set the email you want to receive debug emails to.
	14. Save Changes.

### Options

Enable PayPal Advanced
        Enable PayPal Advanced.

Method Title: 
        This controls the title which the user sees during checkout.

Description: 
        This controls the description which the user sees during checkout.
		
User ID:
        If you set up one or more additional users on the PayPal Advanced account, this value is the ID of the user authorized to process transactions. Leave blank, if you don't have additional accounts.
							 
Vendor ID:
        Your merchant login ID that you created when you registered for the PayPal Advanced account.

Parter ID:
        The ID provided to you by the authorized PayPal Reseller who registered you for the Gateway gateway. If you purchased your account directly from PayPal, use PayPal.

Password:
        The password that you defined while registering for the PayPal Advanced account.

Transaction Type:
        Choose the transaction type you want to process. 
                Sale - for instant capture.
                Authorization - to authorize and capture later.

Payment Page Template:
        Choose the payment page template you want to use. 
                A and B will redirect the user to PayPal for payment. 
                C will show a iframe payment page and the customer will stay on your site.

Iframe Width:
        Width of the iframe window, if Layout - C is your choosen template. Enter only numbers in pixels (i.e. 500)

Iframe Height:
        Height of the iframe window, if Layout - C is your choosen template. Enter only numbers in pixels (i.e. 565)

Sandbox/Testmode:
        Enable PayPal Payments Advanced sandbox for test payments.

Debug Log: 
        Recommended: Test Mode only
        Debug log will provide you with most of the data and events generated by the payment process.
		
Debug Email:
        Email you want to receive all logs to. If email field is empty, the admin email will be used.
